Add note about domain problem (#375)
tschaub/gh-pages: readme.md

If `gh-pages` fails, you may find that you need to manually clean up the cache directory.  To remove the cache directory, run `node_modules/gh-pages/bin/gh-pages-clean` or remove `node_modules/.cache/gh-pages`.

### Deploying to github pages with custom domain

> Modify the deployment line to your deploy script if you use custom domain. This will prevent deployment to remove the domain forom settings in github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the deployment line to your deploy script if you use custom domain. This will prevent the deployment from removing the domain settings in GitHub.
```
